Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the Asia
Pacific in the green here after J.
Powell, the Fed chair force opening the
door to a September rate cut. Traders
are now pricing currently an 86% chance
of easing next month.
>> Yeah, and markets are risk certainly,
but as we head into the busy earnings
week, investors are watching for signs
that this liquiditydriven stock rally in
China may be overdone. and uh internet
stocks in focus today as Beijing drafts
new rules for platform pricing. The
latest step in a crackdown on excessive
competition.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program. A
fresh trading week is ahead and we are
on the front foot ahead of some key
openings of course including of course
greater China this hour as you can see
half of 1% to the upside on the nick
although I guess the uh the extent to
which this rally can continue the next
24 hours indicative of US futures right
now pulling back ever so slightly
following of course the dovish tailwinds
we felt from Wall Street into uh where
we are across the Asia Pacific. As we
flip the page, please uh just keep in
mind on a benchmark basis, we're now
within let's call it 3.3% of a uh of a
record high, fresh record high uh on the
MCI Asia Pacific index. Quick glance at
the dollar uh and some of its iterations
there on your screens. 14735 right now
uh is where you are on dollar yen. Uh
pick up slightly as far as yields go,
but yeah, all things equals 86%
probability right now when you look at
Fed fund futures. Flip the page, please.
a massive move down through the weekend
in terms of crypto. We're looking at
crypto related stocks coming up maybe
maybe later. Ether of course hitting
that record high and of course as it
pertains to gold has been stuck in a
range remain stuck in a range and
consolidation phase. More on that in a
moment and we're going into the open
today and just keep in mind the massive
move up in the CSI 300 and Friday uh now
puts us within 3% of the 2022 peak. Uh
we will unpack the story a bit later on.
Are there signs of overheating shortterm
uh and longer term? How do you play this
market given this recent reawakening?
1.8 now is very close in a 10-year yield
and we're now at 77 give or take there
uh on the offshore market.
>> Yeah. And for now, I mean, it really
comes down to what we heard in Jackson
Hole, right? And really, how big of a
signal was this that September is going
to be we're going to see a Fed rate cut?
And certainly Powell did indicate that
in some ways, but people keep comparing
it to the speech from last year. Yeah.
where it was a lot more clearcut that
they were ready to cut and maybe they're
ready for some sort of action right now.
But yeah, a lot of interpretations still
because the market you say it's not
completely 100% priced in right now for
September.
>> I mean barely one or two percentage
points were added to the probability. So
like that we can call that even nothing,
right? And I think the fact that you
still have key data points ahead I think
you have US inflation this week. You
have the jobs report of course coming
through next week but in other words he
he really gave the markets something to
latch on to but he didn't give them
everything. masterclass in, you know,
appeasing, I guess, or maybe bending off
political pressure. That's how Anna Wong
economics said it. But let's take a
listen to what Powell had to say.
>> The baseline outlook and the shifting
balance of risks may warrant adjusting
our policy stance. Our policy rate is
restrictive, modestly. So, in my view,
the stability of the unemployment rate
and other labor market measures allows
us to proceed carefully. While the labor
market appears to be in balance, it is a
curious kind of balance. Longerterm
inflation expectations, however, as
reflected in market and survey based
measures appear to remain well anchored.
We will not allow a one-time increase in
the price level to become an ongoing
inflation problem.
>> Okay. Yeah, as we were just pointing out
there, we have some key data points this
week. US PCE is of course coming out.
That's point number one. And of course,
the jobs numbers throughout the week as
far as central bank decisions are
concerned. Here in the region, we have
Bank of Korea and Bank of Central that's
out of the Philippines. And just to also
mention earnings, so you have Nvidia
coming through. That's the major one if
that's not obvious, obviously. And of
course, Alibaba reports at the end of
this week.
>> Yeah, the Nvidia one's going to be
probably the next one, right? Because
there's still a lot of talk about, you
know, where these multiples are in this
S&P and and whether what we're seeing
justifies that. And if we see any signs
that perhaps this AI investment and
spending is peaking, then maybe we could
see that maybe as more of a negative
catalyst and a positive one this week.
>> Yeah. And we'll see whether or not
Powell is able to has has been able to
offset sort of any any potential
negative reaction on earnings. I think
the options market is pricing about a 6%
swing either way. Yeah. Uh when you look
at Nvidia this week. Yeah. So, lot to
get onto there. And of course, we talked
about earnings. And as far as sectors to
watch here in the greater Chinese
market, we're looking at futures
punching higher. So internet platforms
number one uh crypto because of this
massive swing in swing down in in
Bitcoin and of course we're also looking
at sports related stocks and that sector
on the back of policy pronouncements
coming through in support of that market
and a glance at earnings of course
coming through this week.
>> Yeah. Let's go bring it back to the Fed
now and bring in Lauren Sidell Baker
economist at ITR Economics. Lauren, it's
great to have you on the program. Um you
know how should we interpret Powell's
speech? Did he really give the green
light for a fed rate cut soon?
>> He did. Uh saying that rate cuts are
even on the table is very strong
language when it comes to Chair Powell.
So, we've seen not just the outward
political pressure, but also the calls
starting to come from inside the house
with other um Fed speak really trending
doubbish over the past couple of months.
Now, as you mentioned, we do have
additional data points both on the labor
and on the inflation side of their dual
mandate. So, I would not say a rate cut
is fully baked in at this point, but
much more likely odds than even.
>> Okay. And what are we looking for? Is is
there a strong enough jobs number
basically that takes the takes the rate
cut off the table is my question there.
>> Uh that's the big question, right? One
month of data never makes a trend. So,
we would hope that the the Federal
Reserve and any decision makers honestly
would not overreact to one single month
of data. the general trend as far as the
labor market has been going. Um, as you
mentioned, it's in balance, but this
type of balance is just at a lower level
on both sides, both job seekers and on
the hiring front. We're seeing um almost
a hesitancy, right, to maybe hold the
cards closer to the vest, not be putting
forward those new positions, looking to
do a lot of hiring. And on the labor
availability side, that is still
somewhat constrained, especially as it
regards immigration in this country. We
expect to see negative net immigration
this year. So labor market is imbalanced
but just imbalanced at a slightly lower
level. That is easier to see it knocked
out of balance from this point.
>> How would you compare
you know the tone at which he he talked
about inflation because
>> you know last year it was more about
upside risk to inflation that had
diminished downsize risk to employment
had increased. Now that he's talking
about upsize risk to inflation and
downsize risk to employment, I'm just
wondering, did he seem committal in in
either way? I mean, it seems like right
now there is a lack of sort of consensus
among the FOMC about the whole inflation
debate.
>> Absolutely. Um somewhere between a rock
and a hard place as the old saying goes.
Uh but really we see inflation as being
the more um near-term risk. uh not just
due to things like tariffs but there are
very fundamental factors for inflation
to be coming back in the very near term.
Our view at ITR economics always or for
several years now has been that the tail
end of 2025 that's when we'll see
previous um both fiscal and monetary
policy considerations. In addition to
that limited labor availability driving
wage pressures higher we see higher
energy cost, higher electricity cost.
there are so many non-tariff related
fundamentals that will be drawing higher
price levels in the months and quarters
to come. I think those are going to
limit how many cuts the Fed can do. So,
in my mind, maybe we'll see 25 basis
points in September, maybe another 25 um
over the course of of the fall and and
second half of this year. But I think as
we get deeper into 2025 and certainly
into 2026, inflation is going to be the
factor that limits how many more cuts we
will see and how deep into the year
they'll be able to continue cutting.
Yeah, you know, Lauren, the fact that
they've been on hold for several months
kind of sometimes makes me think that
they're in a new cycle when they're
really in the, you know, in the midst of
an easing cycle to to your point then,
where do you think the floor is uh on
the Fed funds rate going into next year
or even next year? the floor. Uh, you
know, we we talk about so much about
what the neutral rate might be and it's
very theoretical at this point because
where our inflation outlook uh goes from
here and really where the labor market
is for a country with the demographics
of the United States, that's not going
to bring us back to that neutral rate.
So, I think the floor I would personally
be surprised if we see 75 or more basis
points um in this cutting cycle. I think
rates will be going up materially before
they go down materially. Not to say this
year uh but in the years to come I think
generally higher rates is the direction
of travel
>> perhaps not as well reported or at least
talked about is this whole revised
framework that they mentioned here uh
when it came to some of their longer run
goals right especially when they talk
about when employment and inflation uh
those mandates and objectives are not
complimentary which is kind of what
we're seeing right now in the economy
they mentioned about being a balanced
approach when it comes to these
deviations in the data does it have any
long-term implications, you think,
Lauren, to to Fed policy?
>> Sure. We're watching the data very
closely. Um, at this point, there have
been significant cuts to places like the
Bureau of Labor Statistics. So, we are
seeing um bigger swings, for example, in
the revisions just due to how those
surveys are uh the responses come in and
how long it takes to to really finesse
that data. Um, at this point, uh,
something even like the CPI, over a
third of those data points are now being
imputed. So we won't see a strong
divergence immediately but over time
that gap can widen. If anything I think
we would see inflation be understated um
rather than overstated. So that is a
consideration. We economists are only as
good as the data that we have to work
with. Uh but as with anything any of
these more theoretical or academic
discussions that the Fed is having it
just is something we can only prove in
hindsight.
>> And I and I guess one example of just we
have to wait and see. But I wonder how
you're approaching that from a an
assumption perspective is when you think
corporates will then pass on the tariffs
to to to consumers. H how do you
approach that from a framework
perspective?
>> Absolutely. We see that much more
quickly on the microeconomic level. So
say a tariff goes into effect on one
specific good or a commodity, right? We
will see especially commoditized markets
pass that tariff through um on on say
one price. But on a macroeconomic basis,
it just takes longer. Um, we at ITR
economics estimate it takes on average
between 9 and 18 months to see that full
pricing impact of tariffs. Um, if we
look at something like the CPI, the
largest individual uh contributor to
that is shelter costs. So clearly those
are feeling those more insidious, right?
Those slower moving tariff
considerations. It just takes longer to
kind of move through the economic cycle.
So I don't think we're seeing the
effects of tariffs yet. Certainly not on
a macroeconomic scale. We can point to
individual either prices or products or
company level uh price increases, but
from the broad consumer experience, it
is just going to take more time.
>> Obviously, this Jackson Hole, it seemed
like there was more of an emphasis on on
central bank independence just given the
political pressure that the Fed has
faced of late. Do you think that they
did much in terms of appeasing those
concerns in the market and the like when
it comes to central bank independence?
>> Uh hopefully those cooler heads will
prevail. Um this is not meant to be a
political statement. We would expect any
political party in power to really
prioritize short-term growth, right?
That is what they're doing from the
White House. That is, you know, their
their predominant goal is growth today.
Um the Fed, they need to have a longer
term view. So this is not meant to be a
red or a blue issue. the Fed really does
need to be independent um to take that
that broad historic view to look at
general economic stability, not just
prioritizing the short term at the
expense of the longer term. So we would
say this under any administration right
now there is more pressure than we
typically do see. Uh we certainly hope
that the the Fed will hold up to that
independence. Their credibility is
predicated on it.
>> Lauren, thank you so much for taking the
time. Lawrence Cidell Baker the
economist at ITR economics and really
just on the broad conversations we were
having there as it pertains to the US
dollar. So EMFX is bid uh you have the
ringit you have the peso we mentioned of
course the central bank decision out of
the Philippines uh coming through uh
over the short term Taiwan dollar is
also as you can see catching a bid so
dollars down across that Mexican peso
talked about the Philippine peso anyway
we can talk about that later emfx as you
can see 31% to the upside tailwinds
coming through for risk assets this
Monday morning
>> yeah we'll do see how this China rally
unfolds here today still ahead China
drafting new rules on internet platforms
aiming to establish a transparent and
predict predictable pricing supervision
mechanism. We'll break down what that
all means next. We're also kind of the
opens of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. Monday morning out in
Hong Kong looking pretty dry so far.
Futures are on the up this morning. This
is the China show.
[Music]
All right, still tracking this Asshare
rally here today. We'll see how things
play out here. We did hit that 3,800
level. The Shanghai composite certainly
is a psychological threshold there. Uh
Dave is going to talk about these
overheating signs that we're seeing. Uh
whether you're looking at different
metrics which we'll break down. Hyber
still very much a focus there maybe
could be a bit of a headache for the
Hong Kong market. We're watching
earnings. Wang came out. Uh we're going
to watch also PopMar of course included
in this whole HSI review and Dongful
Motors also reports a little bit later
on as well. Well, um well, we actually
did the report, but we're talking a
little bit more about how they're
withdrawing this Hong Kong listing.
Yeah. Um and it could actually move uh
substantially here today. We talked
about the online platforms and what the
government has laid out there. Crypto,
there's been talk about sports as well
to help boost consumption also. And of
course, today officially is the Ever
Grand Disting where that stock will be
suspended today.
>> Yeah, quite a change and just really
bookending this fairly long chapter as
far as that's concerned. And I think
it's quite fitting that we talk about
that and the fact that popart which is
representative I guess of this new
consumption and market theme um has been
added to different benchmarks right so
the changes on post the close on Friday
have PopMart JD logistics and China
telecom so 85 to 88 on the hang the are
the three additions to the HSI popart
also then goes into separately the
hanging China index um no change as far
as number of constituents because one is
coming out that's J&T uh global express
certainly these stocks to watch in about
two minutes or so as we go into the uh
pre-markets and apart from that Dongfang
motor of course as Ivon is pointing out
this um being removed from Hong Kong but
also Dongfang Motor race overweight on
the EV listing plan that's separate but
related story we're looking at shares
likely going to pop substantially going
into uh the open today I should also
mention this dollar drop that we're
seeing the fix coming through out of the
PBOC
strengthening the the fixing by the most
since the start of this year reflect ing
of course the broad dollar drop that
we've seen from Friday of course.
>> Yeah. So there's a lot to unpack. Uh
earnings are certainly going to be the
big thing and we'll talk a little bit
more about this EV listing plan for
Dong, but the likes of PopMart is
certainly interesting. The fact that
they actually made it onto this whole
inclusion, right? Because uh you know
Bloomberg Intelligence is Marvin Chen
wrote a whole piece about this and
saying maybe it's not just a market fad.
The fact that you're getting the some of
these big names being included in in
indices just goes to show maybe this is
a lasting sort of market trend here
right now, right? The likes of Lau Gold,
the likes of um Labubus and the like.
And certainly that made them actually
they actually made a whole new basket
>> basket, right, of China consu new
>> new consumption. Yeah. Basically,
>> I mean the index needs to be I guess in
it's chicken and the index somehow needs
to be reflective of you know the
earnings you're buying into as far as
the index goes, right? And but the
higher that stock goes, the the better
the chances of that stock actually
getting added to uh the actual index
itself. Yeah. So obviously as you can
see on the screens, I think I think
they've done well year to date as far as
these guys go. So in a couple of seconds
we'll be getting of course the initial
pop in stocks there. But I've actually
started to warm to the idea of mini
labubus though.
>> Are you
>> somewhat? Yeah.
>> Took you a weekend.
>> It did. Uh, but then I had to give up my
skinny jeans because it doesn't matter
how many those little boooos are,
they're not going to fit in skinn Well,
nothing fits in skinny jeans.
>> We haven't even talked about K-pop demon
hunters, Dave.
>> Oh, yes.
>> Making them cool.
>> Well, clearly I saw what you did on the
weekend without telling you. Okay.
>> All right. Let's talk a little bit more
about some other news. China is
proposing new rules to regulate internet
platform pricing and marking a major
shift aimed at curbing unfair practices
and boosting transparency. Now the draft
also covers platform behavior, big data
use and coordination between regulators,
industry groups and tech firms. So a lot
to unpack there. Let's get to Beijing
and bring in our China correspondent
Milo and tell us more about what these
new rules mean.
Yeah, the new rules are meant to benefit
consumers because among them for example
is to prevent uh regulators from
charging different prices to to
different people based on what they
glean from big data in terms of people's
willingness or ability to pay or their
consumption habits and patterns. Uh and
this comes just soon after regulators
also proposed a different set of new
rules back in May. That was a set of
rules to govern the commission charges
and fees charged by these platform
companies to merchants. So it's not
really anti-involution but perhaps anti-
monopoly here trying to prevent these
big platform companies from abusing
their power by charging unreasonable
fees to merchants and consumers. And
this this is meant to protect some of
the smaller and midsize companies given
that they are of course already
struggling from the consumption
slowdown. But they are also some of the
biggest generators of employment in
China and it's coming against this
backdrop of unemployment taking up uh in
July as well.
>> Okay. U min just to hold that thought.
So, Dongfong Motor is up 69% on this
plan of course to privatize the company
and also list separately the EV and
luxury uh line of companies there. So,
we're not looking at the stock. Uh Min
was just talking about the platforms.
Alibaba is up 2% and we're also going to
show you very very shortly the uh any
reaction so far to the sports related
push coming through and to sports and
leaning of course reported on Friday.
And Mman, just on that very note there,
can you just take get us up to speed on
uh this this promise to strengthen the
sports industry? What do we know about
that?
Yeah, this is something that was
reported on state TV on state media on
CCTV. Uh it's a sort of window guidance
if you will where the government is
saying that they want to promote sports
related consumption. So the central
government is encouraging sports
consumption campaign uh sports equipment
upgrading. So I guess this is a sign
that local governments should take uh to
try to follow through and I think it'll
be interesting to see what sort of
creativ creativity is being unleashed by
local and provincial governments in the
coming weeks and months how they're
going to promote that. But the
government also urged better
coordination when it comes to the
consumption related vouchers to ensure
that they are properly implemented
because this comes as we know some
places had run out of those vouchers. uh
so the the intention is to ensure that
whatever is filtered down from the
central government actually gets
implemented in a way that does boost
consumption. So we have seen uh you know
this broader push to to increase
consumption. It has you know uh the
government has been earmaring certain
sectors right like electronics um home
appliances we have seen child care and
elder care being earmarked for expansion
in consumption as well and now sports
related uh sectors. So I guess your
camping equipments your ski resorts um
all of that is going they are going to
benefit from this.
Okay, sounds like a sounds like a
weekend. Minman, thank you so much.
Minman low in in Beijing for us, right?
Uh we're looking at shares of Dongfang.
Uh we're up 69% in the pre-markets.
We've talked at length already about the
stock. More on this plus other uh other
stocks that we're tracking sectors as
well going into the opening bell. Uh we
are feeling some tailwinds across risk
assets today on your screens right now.
256 and Hangen index. Our 10ear yield is
now a hair short of the 1.8% handle.
This is the China show. Good morning.
[Music]
Right. Uh, welcome back to shows. You
know, at this rate, at this rate, and
speaking of labubu, right? So, the
promise I made at the start of the year,
the bet I made, not a promise, the bet I
made, assuming my bosses would agree
with with the idea, is I would get into
a labu costume at the end of this year
if the Hang Sen had a 30 31,000 handle.
>> Oo. So, 20% more and you probably will
need to forget about Halloween. Okay,
we're about like 2 months away.
>> Hey,
>> you ready for that?
>> I I'm ready for that.
>> I don't think the world's ready for
that. I'm out.
>> Free market is looking strong right now
on the back of the tailwinds of a of a
Dovish Powell and that pivot that we're
seeing there. And of course, a lot of
news on the tech space as well. But
there you go. 2% gains for Alibaba. The
open is next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning and welcome back to shows.
Uh just counted down to the open of
trade and as you can see I think we are
about half of 1% to the upside on the
regional benchmark which means we're
about 3.3%
give or take from the a fresh record on
MSE Asia Pacific and we might get a
further boost given Hangen is up 1% now.
>> Yeah. So it it really comes down to how
Fed Chair J Powell spent what is likely
to be his last Jackson Hole speech and
really the the message he delivered was
basically opening the door to a rate cut
possibly as soon as September, right?
The markets went with it. Obviously here
what we saw in the U S&P on Friday and
now we're seeing that here in the Asian
session. So plenty of those sort of
tailwinds as well. That dollar drop is
certainly what's kind of fueling a lot
of the risk assets here in the region.
There you go. The hang is up some 1% but
we're still dealing with a lot of
earnings as well. Keep in mind Nvidia,
that might be the next one to watch on
Wednesday.
>> What do they do? I haven't heard about
that company.
>> You know, 3%. What was it that the
number 3%
>> 3% of global market cap?
>> I mean, that's massive, right, for just
one company. Um, you take a look when it
comes to this onshore market. There you
go. We're fired up right now on on
shore. CSI 300 is up 1% here. And this
is after we saw already Chinese markets
had one of the best weeks since October
of 2024. Shangh composite continues to
edge higher after we broke above that
3,800 level here. or Shenzhen doing just
as well as so certainly that's one thing
to watch. Yields are ticking higher. So
because it's risk on we are rotating out
of the fixed income markets back into
these equities and we are seeing
commodities are a bit up here. Iron ore
is up some 1.6%. Keep in mind forscq
also reports this week as well and we're
watching very closely the tech space.
Take a look at how Hong Kong is doing
here right now. So obviously we we have
to talk about some of these inclusions
and the HSI PopMart being one of them.
That certainly was a highlight but there
you go. Hang Sang is up 1.3%. that you
mentioned the CSI 300. We're about how
2% away from no a whistler away from the
2022 highs.
>> Yes, we're close to that. So like
obviously different constituents but
yeah CSI 300 2022 peak we're very near.
We're about two or three good days away
from
>> Yeah, it's been a quiet market and some
say maybe that's that's a good thing. Um
maybe less, you know, a sudden concerns
about some sort of big correction, but
certainly there's a lot of questions of
whether it's a bubble in the making.
Namura had some interesting lines saying
there is a a wrath of irrational
exuberance here given the the the
economics were just not quite there. But
HS Tech, there you go. It's lit. We're
up some 2%. 10 cent. Alibaba. Alibaba's
up 3%. Uh JD is also up close to 3% here
right now. There was some new tech
regulations that we got to we just
talked to Midman about here as well.
Perhaps that's what's also helping some
of these platforms here today. But I
think it a lot has to do with you know
growth stocks certainly uh given the Fed
and all are are doing very well
regionally here today. Don't phone.
That's the big one here. So, they
decided to basically list or spin off
its EV business and take the rest
private. So, that's the the why we're
seeing the stock jump some 60some
percent here this morning. But really,
this is coming at a time when there's
been a lot a lot of competition in the
EV space in the auto space as well. And
they're focusing on just kind of the EV
portion here right now. Yeah, maybe it
is part of the whole anti-involution
sort of theme that we've been dealing
with as well.
>> Okay. uh some index changes and so
PopMart, JD Logistics, China Telecom all
in the HSI. We go from 85 to 88. The JT
uh J&T Global Express is getting then
removed from HSCI that's hanging in
China and PopMart is taking its place.
So PopMart is getting included into uh
benchmarks u as of I think September 8th
is the effective date as far as that's
concerned. Right. Okay. You know, we'll
talk more about these overheating
signals. I won't steal the thunder um
from Winnie who's joining us in a couple
of minutes, but just a a brief look at
some of the indicators short-term that
might be pointing to some overbought
signals. RSI 85 on the Shanghai comp
stochastics at 92 80 is the level to
watch and of course we're also trading
above the upper fallinger band. Right.
We spoke at Morgan Stanley on Friday,
Laura Wang. And so we we I basically
asked her if there is one specific
metric to watch that might indicate us
getting near a correction. What is that
specific metric? And this is what she
had to say.
>> It is a important metric to monitor but
we look at the ratio rather than the
absolute amount. We look at margin
financing as a percentage of total free
flow market cap and also margin
financing as a percentage of the daily
trading turnover. So both are still very
stable and below the 2020 level or the
2015 level. So I think immediate
government intervention at this point is
unlikely but we should just monitor all
these factors very closely.
>> Okay. And this next chart is inspired by
those comments coming out of Laura. So
what we did was we put margin debt which
has hit a 10-year high and we took a
ratio of that and total turnover and as
you can see that's well behaved and the
point she was making if this starts to
trend higher that might indicate some
uneasiness around speculation but it's
not there uh at the very least
>> not quite there just yet. So maybe
there's signs that there is a bit more
room and and runway here. Uh but yeah,
we talk about expanding into their bull
run despite the economy really buckling
under the weight of tariffs and a
deeprooted property crisis. And that
certainly is one of the taking stocks
that we're talking about here today.
This disconnect seems to be raising now
some more doubts about the staying power
of this rally. Let's bring in Winnie
Shu, our Asia equities reporter. She's
with us here right now. So how concerned
are investors with what we're seeing,
right? Bull market run and and onshore
market, but then weak macro.
>> Yeah, Ivon. I would say that's one of
the key concerns that we've been hearing
whether just now you talked about Numura
and also um Bank of America actually
came out with a note earlier saying that
that's that big gap between um the macro
bears and the the market spool that
they're seeing and that is the one of
the key concerns especially among the
mainland investors and that's mainly
because um that they believe that you
know the deflationary environment in a
in a bull market doesn't necessarily
necessarily coexist at the same time,
especially because a deflationary
environment means that it's going to
potentially hurt uh the the corporate
pricing power and also um the cor uh the
profit margins and hence weighing on the
stock market. And we always talk about
the japanification of China, right? When
you think about Japan in that last three
decades and with the deflationary cycle
that really took inflation in 2024, that
cycle to help the country to get out of
that um short b uh short rallies of bull
market that we were seeing and to
finally enter a sustainable bull market.
So those are lessons that we can
potentially learn from Japan and lots of
economists here. Um recently we're also
talking about that you know given this
weak overall macro environment we should
still stay a bit more cautious in terms
of um how sustainable this rally is in
the longer run.
>> Yeah. Well how are investors positioning
amidst this backdrop?
>> Right. So we talked to a few um byside
investors as well. So right now they're
saying that they're a bit more focused
on stock picking. So avoiding um sectors
that are um kind of exposed to the
deflationary environment and focusing on
for example tech sector the biotech. So
when we look at the structural changes
that really happened in the past decade
versus 2015 AI is definitely one big
theme. So with that positioning into uh
these sectors that can have potentially
better growth and better earnings uh
those are one way to kind of um position
within this deflationary bull market if
we if we call it and other areas are
well we talked about potar just now so
the new consumption theme is still there
and also we've got that anti-involution
theme so picking those themes that are
really kind of um getting more momentum
and seeing more policy support those are
the areas that invest in investors like
at this moment.
>> Yeah. For I thought, you know, for a
moment there you were talking about uh
the Japanification of China, which is
PopMart, because it was Hello Kitty,
which we were uh comparing that to a
few. Winnie, thank you so much. Anyway,
don't get in my head this morning. I
need another coffee.
>> Okay, let's bring in Gina, multiasset
solutions, investment specialist at JP
Morgan Asset Management. Good morning.
Nice to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> So, maybe you could chime in on that. So
where do you think we are in this this
this reawakening in the onore market?
>> Yeah, I think if you look at I guess the
rally that we've seen there are a number
of kind of supports. Um number one I
think obviously government is rolling
out you know continues to roll out kind
of support measure uh to to support the
the uh you know the market as well as
the economy. the enter evolution um to
us is a potential um you know a way for
them to actually end the deflation
earlier than expectation. So that is
definitely a plus but on the other hand
I think the domestic investors are I
guess after a few years they they start
to be really disappointed with the
property market. So there's also a a
trend of them to look at how to
rebalance their family portfolio per se
where they're putting money into stock
market and I think the shorter term
rally a lot of that is actually
supported by the retail flow. Now from
our perspective we actually have been
putting into a long trade on China stock
for a while. So it's actually good to
see the trade actually work out. Um but
um at the same time we're also seeing
that the valuation is actually you know
one of the reason we like China before
was because the attractive valuation and
that that obviously is potentially
changing. So we are closely monitoring
that now. Ultimately I think we do think
China is a way an alternative way for us
to play the AI theme biotech theme. So
we still like that. Um, but maybe it's
time for us to start to think about, you
know, whether there should be a time for
us to actually take some profit and wait
for a better entry time. But over a
medium to longer term, this is still a
theme that we we like.
>> If you had a wish list, what's the thing
that's that you would like more? Well,
you would like to see more in this
rally. What's missing right now?
>> Um, you know, corporate earnings, that's
one, but fundamentally, I think it's the
macroeconomy that we need to see the
data actually, you know, deliver. there
are a lot of policy that they can roll
out further but they've been also quite
cautious in terms of you know wanted to
be more focused want to be more targeted
um so I think macro data is where we are
still monitoring um and I think the big
I guess um
focus in the whole data is obviously
property right because it does have a
big impact on the overall uh economy on
the uh you know spending confidence etc
so that's an area that we continue to to
monitor.
>> What do you make of earnings? Because I
think you mentioned the macro weakness.
So, Vanco was a reminder of that.
Although some of the tech earnings that
have come through have been decent. So,
just your overall take on what we've
seen.
>> Yeah, I think overall that's still quite
decent. Um I think and I think it's
right now I think things are are quite
similar to kind of the the picture that
we're seeing elsewhere where I think the
corporate earnings in general um are
decent this season but it's more of the
forwardlooking uh whether the tariff
will become a bigger impact um I think
corporates this is where I think active
management and also secure selection
becomes quite important because
companies cannot continue to absorb the
cost right they have to find a way to
pass on the cost or at least part of the
cost to the consumers. So, you know, we
need to look at companies that actually
have a bigger pricing power and that's
the ones that can navigate this kind of
uh complexion uh much better than the
others.
>> It seems like Powell helped at least
this whole kind of risk-on trade. I'm
just wondering how doubish do you think
was his message at Jackson Hole and do
you think you can still chase this rally
and risk dollar downside further?
>> Yeah. Um I think the signal from you
know his speech is quite clear that Fed
is ready to pivot I think in September
and that's our view right now and we
think that the Fed will likely to kind
of cut uh twice this year um 25 uh 25
bits each time and there will be two
more next year. So that's um our base um
pace right now. Um but there's still
some you know potential I guess
uncertainties right. I think the August
drop market is where like everybody
needs to like laser focus. If the number
comes out and say that there is a you
know very um significant
um I guess upside on the job market and
say unemployment rate you know all of a
sudden comes out to to be 4% or 4.1%.
And on the other hand there's an uptick
in inflation you know feds ultimately
will be very data dependent and then
they can put on a hold even though that
they're sending the signal to the
market. Um now having said that I think
you know it is clear that um Fed is
prioritizing um you know the job uh
weakness over um a concern over
inflation and that's their stance now
and we're we think that's um very likely
really depending the data but if there's
no surprise from the data and I think
that's the path that they're going to
take.
>> I mean markets today are rallying on the
back of that. Do you think this is a
green light to allocate more into
equities out of fixed income? Just your
take from a multiasset perspective.
>> Yeah. So our portfolio right now does
have a modest constructive view in
equity and we think that you know given
you know I think um you know the
probability of a recession is actually
quite low right now over the next six to
12 months. We do think that corporates
and the stock will um you know perform
uh well but having said that we also
have a long position in duration right
now um just in case if the economy
doesn't you know you know play out as
nicely as everybody is expecting
duration will ultimately play as an
effective hedging um for the risk asset
>> so still need some more for hedges I
what do you have the most conviction
then if it if it in each kind of asset
class that you see you know is it still
the likes of equities do I look at gold.
So, I mean, we still have guests that
talk about gold is still a very
meaningful sort of asset to have. What
does that tell you about risk sentiment
at the moment?
>> Um, our high conviction idea is still in
equity. Okay. Um, and within equity, we
like Japan, we like, you know, Hong
Kong, China. As I I said earlier, we are
actually um in a mode where we're way in
the sea and warming up for Europe. Um,
and but we also like duration,
especially the shorter end of the curve.
um we are um waiting for a better entry
point for credit. I mean spreads are
very tight but all in yields are still
quite attractive. So if there's a any
you know uh moment where spreads widen a
little bit that's when we will start to
build a position.
>> Okay, thank you so much for getting us
warmed up for the week. Nice to see you
Gin there, multiasset solutions
investment specialist at JP Morgan asset
management. Man, there's a rally taking
place right now.
>> Yeah, in the tech space, right? So
obviously you you know this whole pivot
from POW certainly is helping overall
Asia tech in general but take a look
what's going on in China in particular.
So Baba's up some 3%. You have SMIC I
think NEO is up what 11% uh as well in
the EV space. We're also watching this
Cricon uh is is up some well. Yeah. So
this was one of the ones um to mark as
well. So there certainly is a lot going
on here today. Is it just more the Paulo
effect? Uh obviously there was all this
talk about regulations uh in the
platform space as well. Also BABA
reports earnings to wrap up the week. So
there's a lot happening right now.
>> I mean everything seems to be moving up.
So I'll just also mention you're looking
at large caps on your screen. Small caps
in China in on on shore in the middle of
markets are actually doing very well. So
you have the star 50 that's up as much
as 5.8 I believe percent. The China
index is up by about 1.7%. That's going
to come up on your screens very shortly.
Uh, so yeah, we will continue to track
the various iterations of this rally
taking place. I think Star50 is going to
come up on your screens shortly. There
we go. Thank you so much. We're up now
2.7. Okay, so we've have effectively in
the last few minutes or so. Still
though, a decent play going into this
Monday. Okay, coming up on shows pls
formerly Pilra Minerals of course
reporting fullear net loss. Also, I
believe a drop in revenue long-term
fundamentals for lithium full, you know,
100% pure play on lithium here. the
company, the the CEO Dale Henderson
joins us in the next hours. Any
questions for him, by the way, let us
know. This is the China Show.
[Music]
All right, we're up 7% on one of the
well, I would like to say heavyweight,
heavyweight within the property sector.
Of course, certainly that's not the case
when you look at it from a broader
sectorwide perspective. First half net
loss of course for the company here has
wided to 1.7 billion. That's out with of
course the earnings on on Friday the
Bloomberg Intelligence thinks though the
financial support for China's largest
shareholder that Shenzhen Metro is
unlikely to improve its prospects to
help us unpack the thesis here and maybe
why the stocks also moving the opposite
way compared to intuition. Uh let's
bring in Christy Hong, our China real
estate analyst here with us to help us
understand. Well, let's why don't we
start with just the company itself. How
do you think the company's doing given
the latest results?
>> Right. Um revenue gross margins down and
cash coverage continues to be at
dangerously low level. Um we see a step
up in policy support from the
government. Shanja Metro has been
offering shareholder loans which is a
step in the right direction but I think
the question is how committed it is in
continue to pump liquidity into the
developer. Um people are are flagging
that you know the outlook is still
pretty cautious right now. Are we
expecting more pain then Vanka?
>> So for Vanka in particular sales is down
46% in the first half. We expect the
sales um this level of decline to
persist in the rest of this year. So if
that is going to happen it implies a 100
billion yan decline in it sales proceeds
versus a year ago. So that is going to
continue to widen his funding gap and
demand you know more support from the
government and I think that is a problem
that's facing not just Vanki alone but a
lot of developers in China as in what
we're seeing right now is um potentially
a renewed downturn in sales in the
second half of this year because of
weakening household confidence and how
people worry about catching a falling
knife because home prices keep
declining. We were just talking on the
break about it's been a while since
you've been on the show. It seems like
the property market is is is not that
big of a concern for people that
participate in this rally, you know,
right now. Why why do you think that is
and what are some of the conversations
that you're having with the people in
the market right now?
>> Right. So I think um the biggest hope
from investor is that we had a you know
aggressive rung of stimulus measure if
you remember September October last year
and they are hoping that the government
would come out with stronger support
which has so far been absent for the
bulk of this year and I think um but
from a real estate policy perspective
the room to stimulate further is very
limited. We might see more policy
relaxation in T1 cities, but the rest of
China, we think that there's not much
regulators have in terms of the
ammonition in policy support.
>> All right, Christie, thank you. Christy
Hung, our Bloomberg Intelligence, China
real estate analyst there on China Wang.
Uh, talking some other sort of news this
morning. Capital Land Investment is
weighing rescue capital for listed Hong
Kong firms hit by the property slump.
Executive Gabriel Fong told a conference
in Singapore that such companies could
be among the first to benefit if the
market turns. The Tamasic backed real
estate manager sees opportunities in
assets from student housing to data
centers and recently held exploratory
talks with new world development.
President Trump has struck an
unprecedented deal with Intel giving the
US government a nearly 10% stake in the
chipmaker. The $ 8.9 billion investment
funded by Chips Act grants marks a
dramatic intervention to boost domestic
semiconductor manufacturing. Intel
shares jump more than 5% on the news.
Though analysts warn money alone won't
solve years of lost ground to rivals.
>> You know what? I think the United States
should be given 10% of Intel.
And he said, I would consider that. And
I said, "Well, I'd like you to do that
because
uh Intel has been left behind."
>> And Netflix has scored a rare box office
win Demon Hunters. The animated musical
topped US and Canadian theaters during
its two-day singalong event, grossing up
to, get this, $20 million. Already a
global streaming hit, the firm is on
track to become Netflix's most watched
English language movie with its
soundtrack topping charts worldwide. And
in my house, in my car, in my ear, Dave.
Yeah,
>> I've been listening to this soundtrack.
Not for me.
>> My my kid.
>> Yeah, the offspring have a clearly have
a preference.
>> That's catching on. It's it's an
earworm, I got to tell you.
>> Okay. Well, I'm waiting for a a boring
weekend to to find I want you think
you'll enjoy it, actually.
>> I want Really? You think I You think
>> I think you will.
>> It's pretty funny actually. Yeah.
>> Okay. Well, you know,
>> and the songs are just great
>> for genre of of movies, right?
>> Why you No, but you you like you like
the fun, you know.
>> You know what this reminds me of?
>> This is a bit OG. You remember Gem and
the Hologram?
>> No. You just aged yourself there.
>> Anyway, there we go.
>> Watch this. You'll you'll you'll you'll
be more youthful after this. Okay. Okay.
>> I'll leave the show, right? Plenty more
ahead.
[Music]
Um, okay. rare earths on your screens uh
to varying levels of good more measures
of course and again this is a this is
going to be interesting story when we
get into the deep dive later on as it
pertains to really the dominance on
Chinese across many other sectors
including this very quickly mini saw
this is an upgrade coming through from
an analyst we're looking at the stock
should be up on your screen I think it's
Jeff that came out uh with the upgrade
and we'll get you a sense of the
turnover coming through we're nearing
900 billion ramen Sunday.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the CSI. A half hour in the
session and I want to quote K-pop demon
hunters because we're just talking about
it. We're going up up up. It's our
moment. You gotta be gotta be golden.
>> Oh, is that it? Okay.
>> I'm not going to sing all of it. It's
very hard to sing.
>> Okay. Since you do that, I need to then
match you with
>> Okay. Bruno Mars. Bruno Mars.
>> Yes.
>> Left the door open for a rap cut. J.
Powell. Yields on the floor
>> when you look.
>> Versace. Yields.
>> Yields on the floor.
>> Fast retailing is actually on the way up
last I checked. So that's the unique low
on the floor. Um tech is doing very very
well today. Speaking of growth and um
high duration long duration assets uh
turnover just literally just topped one
trillion one trillion rem the first 30
minutes of trade. So this this rally has
some proper hot sauce behind it. You're
looking at the offshore listings of some
of the big tech names as well. Camericon
is still there on your screens. Of
course that's a big uh biotech firm and
chip play SMIC. We're also looking at uh
yeah this massive rally taking place not
just in large caps right we're also
looking at the star 50 we looked at the
Chinese index also doing quite well so
in terms of overbought signals I mean we
looked at this not that it really was a
warning shot because it kept rallying so
just an update of where we are here
RSI's at 86 at 93 and we do remain above
the upper Ballinger band as far as the
Shanghai comp uh is concerned but again
this is a market that can remain
overbought for and you know with the
momentum you're getting right now can
and will remain likely overbought um is
perhaps a a good assumption to make.
We'll get the thoughts from Mark Cranic
in a moment here of how we contextualize
this rally taking place which is now
also spreading going back into the
south. So southbound is actually one uh
other uh metric to watch as well today.
>> And that was the thing that Ho Hong from
Blue Lotus mentioned, right, that this
rally does have the means to actually
broaden out, right? That's why we're
seeing this now filter into the small
caps and and the like here. I mean, the
skeptics would say yes, maybe, you know,
you don't have the economic
fundamentals, you don't have the
earnings sort of visibility here. Um and
and and the economic recovery still
remains wobbly. But then again, there's
so many different themes, right? as as
Junior just mentioned here,
anti-involution, you have the biotech
space, you have new consumption, all
these things that you can still kind of
sink your teeth into in terms of
selective plays in this market that
perhaps that means more ways to go.
>> Yeah, money is moving out of fixed
income to the you're making right the
yields are pushing higher 1.8% on that
and
>> yeah, like the the deployment of fresh
capital from you know fixed low income
instruments for example, right? you
know, deposits and fixed income
investments have really come in. You
know, I'm actually curious to see and I
I'll look more into this in a moment
here, what banks are doing because
that's really been a defensive play.
It's done well and I would imagine that
is still being bought up right now given
the market. We're seeing one per and of
course we have to talk about the Fed and
the green light that was given at least
for September. We can can we make that
distinction?
>> How green? I guess I think we can debate
whether it's September, October because
market pricing isn't quite at 100% when
it comes to September just yet. It's
around 85 86% as you mentioned. So there
is still one more jobs report, one more
CPI print, but the market is just going
with it here right now that this is the
most doubbish we've seen from Powell of
late. Not so much 2024 Powell,
>> but 2025 Powell, given political
pressure, given what we're seeing in the
data, they said, "No, this really did
open the door for maybe more a cut
pretty soon."
>> Yeah. And it's interesting because we
still have data points that could change
what how and you know, how they think
about it, right? So the early on of
course we had a guest who talked about
and the question is fine if they do 25
in September. So assuming this this
week's inflation report comes in no
nasty surprises the jobs report next
week comes in no nasty surprises how
deep can the Fed actually go? In fact
let's have a listen to how it economics
we spoke with this time in the last hour
actually framed how deep the Fed can go
in the cycle. Have a look.
We talk about so much about what the
neutral rate might be and it's very
theoretical at this point because where
our inflation outlook goes from here and
really where the labor market is for a
country with the demographics of the
United States that's not going to bring
us back to that neutral rate. So I think
the floor I would personally be
surprised if we see 75 or more basis
points um in this cutting cycle. I think
rates will be going up materially before
they go down materially. Not to say this
year uh but in the years to come. I
think generally higher rates is the
direction of travel.
>> And Mark Cranfield is with us right now
out of Singapore. Mark, we can let's
table the Fed for now. We'll obviously
ask you about that in a moment, but just
I want to get a sense of how are you
thinking about this rally right now in
China?
>> Well, all of the the things that you've
been discussing with Ivonne are all
relevant and they're all part of the
reason why Chinese stocks are looking
better today. But on top of all of that,
you have the relative factor as well.
And investors love a relative value
story. So because of what the the Fed
has done, it's set up the US equity
market to probably have another good
week this week. The big story, of
course, as you've been discussing as
well as Nvidia. Now, if Nvidia comes in
again with decent earnings, as they so
often do, it won't be long before people
are talking about a 5 trillion valuation
for its stock market cap. that makes the
rest of the world look cheap and China
is the place where investors more than
anything have been looking for tech
stocks which look undervalued compared
to American peers. So again that shifts
the potential balance of power towards
people wanting to shift money towards
other markets especially towards Hong
Kong and China. On top of that, once
again, the the key here for foreign
investors is that if you want to put
your money into a market like China, you
want to know that the currency is a
strong and stable currency. You don't
want to have any risk added to the
equity decisions you're already making.
The POC again today has reaffirmed it
wants the yuan on the strong side. The
fixing today was pretty punchy. They put
it down with a 7-Eleven handle. That's
the lowest it's been for for several
months. And it even in the context of
the dollar move over the weekend, they
didn't need to to move it that far. So
the central bank is telling you they
want foreign investors to enjoy a strong
currency. On the other side, the
government and central bank policy seems
to be coming together for the benefit of
the stock market. Put all of those
things together, the Chinese market,
especially the tech sector, is beginning
to look like one of the real viable
alternatives for people that may want to
shift money out of the US if they think
it's getting too expensive.
>> Mark, that's a good point. I wonder if
this very strong fixing, you know, the
delta on the the delta on the fix today
from Friday, do you think that's one of
the reasons we're getting inflows coming
into Hong Kong yet again because of a
stronger currency on the other side?
Yeah, definitely. I mean, people will
take advantage of the fact that if
you've got that the strong currency can
work in a couple of ways. Either you're
a mainland Chinese-based investor, you
have a strong currency you can utilize.
We saw it so many times in the past with
the Japanese. When Japanese investors
had a very strong yin, they started
moving their money to other parts of the
world where they could really maximize
their currency. You're starting to see a
little bit of that coming out of China
here. They have a strong yuan. they can
use it in the places they're comfortable
with to to go into what they think are
undervalued markets, particularly
specific stocks. So that's one side of
it. Then the flip side is people maybe
who are dollar-based or eurobased. They
see tremendous value in going into a
currency that could have more upside and
is especially compared to the currencies
they're starting from looks relatively
undervalued as well. So for a foreign
investor, it's a double whammy. There
could be improvements in the earnings
from the companies that they're going
into the market improving plus they may
get a currency gain as well.
>> Mark, they're calling it a pow pivot and
markets are going with it. I'm just
wondering obviously the reaction was buy
stocks, buy the steepeners on the yield
curve and sell the dollar. How much
longer do you think these sort of moves
can last?
>> At least until the the September
meeting. What what Jerome Pal has done
here, he set a very high bar for the Fed
to walk it backwards. It now investors
will assume they have to go ahead with a
25 basis points rate cut. It's going to
be very hard for them not to do that. It
will be too damaging probably if they
try to now second guessess everybody and
change their minds. It's probably going
to be too confusing for the market. So
at least between now and the next Fed
meeting, people will be fairly reassured
that they're going to get their first
rate cut. Beyond there, it's a it's an
open question and there'll be a lot of
data, a lot of people to decide. But
just imagine the situation if after what
PA has done, we then get a soft number
at the next report, which is the last
one before the the Fed meets. People
will be looking for consecutive rate
cuts. They'll be looking not just for
September, they'll be looking for more
cuts to come in the meetings thereafter.
But at least the window between now and
the next Fed meeting looks fairly
reassuring for people to say yes, we're
leading towards lower interest rates and
possibly even more to come before the
end of the year.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
our Bloomberg M strategist here. We're
seeing, you know, yields tick up just
slightly here right now after we did see
that rally uh in the short end on
Friday. But certainly, we're watching
EMFX in particular with that Indonesia
rupia uh now rising the most since
August 14th. Still ahead on the China
show though, we'll continue to watch
what goes on uh when it comes to Beijing
industrial strategy, technological
innovation, the like, and why our next
guest thinks that strategy has created
technological strength that the US
cannot ignore even as growth slows. Gav
Dragonomics's founder Arthur Crowbar
joins us now. Crobar in just a few
minutes. Much more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Of course, we've been talking about
this, you know, USChina tech rivalry and
the like and really this whole race for
talent is certainly one key thing that
we're really honing into here today. So,
China has stepped up efforts to lure
foreign talent in a bid to push back
against US efforts to restrict his
technological advances of late. So, it's
introducing something called a type K
visa and it's really targeting some
young STEM professionals who graduated
from renowned universities. Now, some
Chinese firms are also hiring STEM
students affected by President Trump's
policies on American universities. And
you've seen that really in this next
chart, the decline in student visas. So
since his return to the White House,
President Trump has pulled the welcome
act for many foreign students out there
and this has led to a double-digit
decline in visas for students and
skilled workers in the first half of the
year. Total approvals from January to
May we're talking about right now. This
is for the F1 visa which allows
foreigners to study in the US was down
almost 15%.
You take a look at how similarly for
skilled workers, this is one is called
H1B visas. that's also been lagging a
bind in 2025. There has been a 12% drop
in the issuance of these H-1B visas of
late. So, the H-1B program, which really
allocates around 85,000 visas globally
through a lottery system, that's been
critical for hiring for a lot of the
tech giants uh in Silicon Valley, right?
So, a slowdown, Dave, could really
potentially hurt the the the US's
ability to draw top global talent and of
course maintain it technological
dominance.
>> Yeah, China's making some moves there,
right? Uh let's bring in Minman Lo in
fact who joins us from Beijing uh today
our China correspondent. Yeah Midman
help us understand this charm offensive
here to lure top tech talent.
Yeah, it really speaks to this talent
competition between US and China, right?
I think the type K visa is really
significant in two ways. One is the
timing of it. It's starting in October
and it's really remarkable how fast the
Chinese government had moved after, you
know, the US had been cracking down on
US universities, cutting funding for
them, restricting visas for just not
just foreign students but foreign
workers as you said Ivonne. Um and so
China is now launching this. I think the
second thing that's remarkable about it
is that China has always for a long time
had very very strict immigration rules.
But this new visa is quite loose in the
sense that it doesn't require eligible
applicants to have an employer or an
inviting party in China before applying.
So it's really a push to attract STEM
talents coming from renowned
universities. And China has done this
before, right? It has this thousand
talents campaign uh that in the past
it's been rebranded to other names over
the years. It's attracted thousands of
talents back to China. A lot of the
times these are oftentimes Chinese
people who have immigrated overseas and
a part of the pitch is about patriotism,
right? Contributing back to your
motherland. But this sort of pitch
wouldn't really work for foreign talent.
So it remains to be seen whether this is
effective enough to lure not just the
overseas Chinese but also international
talents. But I think the other thing to
note as well is that the Chinese economy
is not doing so well right now. There is
unemployment taking up youth
unemployment at the highest level in
about a year. So then can the economy
actually absorb these foreign talents
and if the foreign talents come through
will they then take away spaces that
would be reserved for local talents
would it cause the unemployment to to
situation to worsen. So that's also
another question but certainly uh it is
part of that talent uh pipeline that
China wants in order to work towards
that high quality development goal.
Minman, thank you so much. Minman Low,
our China correspondent there. And
that's a really good point that Minman
brought up, right? So you have currently
you have cyclical weakness in the
economy.
Is that and certainly that's a related
topic obviously given the sort of
structural issues with things like
bolstering key industries. So we talk
about EVs and its competitive advantage
there and that's resulting certainly in
price pressures o you know domestically.
But is that are are we overstating the
challenge and underplaying the
competitive advantage really that China
through years and years of economic
planning has actually managed to get its
economy to a certain point where it is a
lot more competitive than simply
headlines suggest. Let's bring in Arthur
Crober founder in fact of economic
consultancy GA Dragonomics. He recently
co-authored a report on that specific
issue calls the China's industrial and
tech strength a permanent feature of the
world economy. Get used to it
effectively. Arthur, good morning and
from the Asia Pacific. Thank you for
joining us. Uh if you could just lay out
the thesis for us there.
>> Yeah. So my co-author and I Dan Wong uh
basically just looked at uh the Chinese
system. Uh and the reason that we did
this is because obviously there's been a
lot of pressure from the United States
to try and restrict technology flows to
China over the last few years. And
argument is simply that these uh efforts
are likely to be ineffective because
China has invested in what we call the
deep infrastructure of a technological
economy. And and essentially this is
four kinds of things. One is the sort of
physical logistics of getting stuff in
and getting stuff out. They're very good
at that. Um the other is information
networks. The domestic internet is
highly effective and ubiquitous. Um you
have uh also energy networks. Uh so
they're investing heavily in
electrification which is going to be
critical for scaling up AI and other
industries of the future. And then
finally the one that you just referred
to is the talent system. They've been
very very effective at investing in
largecale talent starting at the factory
floor and then moving up through um
technical staff, engineers, managers uh
and now increasingly in basic research.
And when you have a country that is
investing so broadly and so effectively
in these basic systems of an industrial
and technological economy, it's really
hard to slow them down by controlling
their access to this or that
technological component. That that kind
of tactic can work a little bit but not
very much for very long.
>> Yeah. I mean, I guess you're alluding to
the US and what the Trump administration
has has done in their playbook. Um if
that's the case then you know what can
the US do in some ways to a you know
develop its own infrastructure in a way
to also achieve self reliance as well.
>> Yeah. Well, so I think there are a few
things. So, first of all, it's not just
the Trump administration. As we know,
Biden administration was actually more
aggressive than the first Trump
administration at technology controls on
China through semiconductor exports, uh,
controls and so forth.
>> And even now, the the Trump
administration is kind of feeling its
way. How much do they want to do?
>> Um, how many chips do they want to let
let Nvidia sell? They, you know, they
haven't totally made up their minds on
that. Um so there's a question a lot of
the questions that are consuming DC
right now are what's the best way to
calibrate export controls and sanctions
and our point is that really should not
be the central focus of concern. The
central focus of concern should be
number one simply realizing that China
is going to be very capable. It's here
to stay. It's going to be very
successful not just in the industries
that it's doing well in now but in many
others in future. You're not going to be
able to stop that from happening. What
you are going to do, what you can do is
build up US capacities where you think
it's a problem that that China is so
dominant. And to do that, our basic
point is that you should not say, well,
we want industries A, B, and C, and so
therefore, we're going to invest in the
industries A, B, and C. That was kind of
the Biden approach. Let's invest in
clean energy. Let's invest in
semiconductors. and and you need some of
that, but none of that is going to be as
effective as it should be if you don't
invest in the underlying infrastructure.
And the two things I would point to as
critical are number one, talent where,
you know, according to the data that you
just showed, I think the Trump
administration is heading in exactly the
wrong direction. They're driving
international talent away at a point
when it should be welcoming it and
China's picking up on this. And then the
other is energy systems. And again, I
think here the Trump administration is
got it exactly wrong. They said, "We
want energy dominance," by which they
mean we need to pump out as much fossil
fuels as possible. Um, when what they
should be focusing on is building up the
electricity system, which is really
what's going to power not only
artificial intelligence, but a lot of
the uh industries of the 21st century.
uh and they're just not really doing
anything to address the um you know the
the the problem that they're building uh
in in talent in the talent pipeline and
the problem that already exists uh
through insufficient uh attention to the
electricity network.
>> Yeah. And Arthur, you know, this version
of China is here to stay and it's going
to show up even further in different
manifestations in the future. And you
know I just I want to reference the fact
that you know 50 60 years ago if you
made that assumption that the US economy
say was here to stay. We saw South Korea
get very wealthy by selling to the US
back then. We saw the Japanese economy
also get quite wealthy. The Chinese
economy you know got very wealthy from
selling to the US. So the question right
now is if this China is here to stay,
how do other economies model their
strategies to take advantage really of
latching on to a China that's here to
stay? How do they become rich? because
China's getting rich.
>> Yeah. Well, actually, you've put your
finger on a on a pretty significant
problem because Yeah. As as you point
out, I mean, China essentially followed
a path that had been laid by Japan,
South Korea, Taiwan, they'd all gotten
very successful by uh doing export
oriented manufacturing and moving up the
technology value chain. and China came
on came on and you know essentially did
the same thing but they did it on a
scale that was literally 10 times
larger. Um, and because it's larger and
because China is determined
uh for its own security to hang on to
all of this stuff, it's going to be very
very difficult for other countries
to that are sort of lower income now to
follow that same development path
because they're going to come up against
this big behemoth China which is just
not very interested in allowing any of
this stuff to you know evaporate. And
you know a big problem you see right now
is India would kind of like to do these
things but the Chinese are being very
very careful to prevent key aspects of
their technology system or their talent
to to leak over into India. So it so
it's a challenge. One you know one thing
you can do obviously and this is I think
what most countries in Asia are doing
are find bits of the supply chain that
they can plug into and try to you know
strengthen their position in those bits
of the supply chain. um if you're
sitting outside you know farther away uh
I think it's a little bit more challenge
uh in Latin America or um uh or Africa
and there I think what you have to do is
just say how can we best take advantage
of the fact that China can really be
helpful in building our infrastructure
and then how can we build on top of that
>> Arthur you mentioned a little in the
report to the the adverse reaction to of
course China's drive to be
self-sufficient in some ways is that
it's led to an economy that has a lot of
deflation, right? They've led to a lot
of overcapacity issues. Now, a lot of
these companies are now forced due to
the slowing economy to export abroad,
which is now also drawing the eye of the
Trump administration.
>> Can China overcome these sort of
challenges?
>> Yeah. So, this is, you know, the the
sort of the other side of the coin. So
on the one hand, we're very uh bullish,
I would say, on uh China's ability to
keep moving up the technological, you
know, value chain. They they've
demonstrated that they're very good at
that. But the macroeconomic consequences
of the way that they've done this are
not so great, right? So they've
essentially poured all of their policy
attention and all of their resources
into building up the supply of these
technology products. They've done very
little to focus on the demand side of
the economy. They seem constitutionally
incapable of doing that.
>> And so the result is that you have an
economy that's technologically capable
but but tends to run slow and has a lot
of deflation. I don't see that changing
anytime soon in the next couple years.
>> Arthur, thank you so much for bringing
your research to us. Arthur Crover
there, founder of Gavical Dragon. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, blue skies and we're talking
about yeah, hang market, a rally that
continues. We're talking about 2% gains
on the gauge here right now and actually
one of the biggest moves that we've seen
in about two weeks or so. So certainly
there still continues to be a lot of
positive news in this market.
>> Yeah. Okay. Um actually, let me just do
a bit of a correction here. So, our
apologies for this. So, turnover has
actually topped
1.3 trillion, but that came
um more than 30 minutes after the break.
Okay. So, we're now looking at 1.4 going
into the first hour of trade. So,
suffice to say suffice to say and you
know that's academic just discounting
the error. There's a lot of activity
coming through in this market today and
this is something we don't normally see
and hing tech is up 3%. Um hanging index
are up 2%. In fact, both these things
added to the actual benchmark of the
region. Uh chart's going to come up on
your screens very very shortly. Now
means we're within we're about a good
day away from reaching a record high on
Asia Pacific. We're now within 2.7%
of the 2021 peak. That that was a
previous record here on the benchmark.
>> So thank you Jay Powell for that. I
think that's what traders wanted from
his speech at Jackson Hole. At least
opening the door for a September cut.
you know, is not guaranteed, but I think
I I was reading a Bank of America note
saying at least he's lowered the bar for
a September cut now, which was something
that we weren't quite sure of leading
into Jackson Hole. And of course, given
the divide that we're seeing around FOMC
uh members about where the inflation
outlook is going to be, but it seemed
like right now they were more focused on
the job market and maybe the the
deterioration there than really the
upside risk to inflation now.
>> Yeah. And you know, it's it's it's
enough to give markets something to
rally on. The other boost that we got
just this morning was related to that
story with the PBOC with the punchy fix.
The biggest adjustment to the fixing
since January. So that's a green light
for the dollar to fall even further.
We're getting as as you can see on the
screens here a rally taking place not
just in China, right? The rest of the
region is doing well. Uh EMFX, we talked
about the Indonesian rupia, the
Philippine peso, central bank decision
this week there. Malaysian ringit, the
Taiwan dollar are all rallying quite
substantially today. So it's a good day
to be long risk assets and that's ahead
of some key earnings this week including
the likes of I think matewan Alibabas
this week plus of course the big one
which is is it Nvidia or Nvidia
>> Nvidia Nvidia that's the next one to
watch really obviously there's going to
be a lot it it usually they're I was
reading about they usually come out with
earnings at a time when the market is
questioning a lot about whether to stay
in mega cap tech right and this is going
to be the sort of the next catalyst to
watch uh and there implied options
traders I think about 6% moves Uh either
way,
>> so we'll see how it all goes on
Wednesday. Of course, for more on
markets, let's bring in our Liber Equity
senior reporter, Abisha Vishno, to track
us what's going on. Um what's going on
in China? I mean, Abishet, we it looks
like we found another excuse to to keep
this rally going. What's your team focus
it on today?
>> Well, uh the rally, you know, pretty
much looks to be growing um and widening
as well. There are some nays, there are
some concerns that uh you know some
comparisons have been drawn with the
bubble-l like situation in 2015. But I
mean look at valuations. The valuations
are still very cheap. Um and are they
really discounting the innovation
hublike activities that China has
carried out over the past few quarters.
We had a deepseek moment in tech and a
similar moment in biotech. Uh probably a
similar moment in EVs as well. So have
they been discounted? Probably not. So
um you know there are nas but the rally
is likely to continue. Um it is
overheated you know markets have rallied
a lot almost all indexes are you know in
their overbought zone. So there might be
a brief uh pause a shallow correction
but that won't be the end of this
market. Uh the market has done well
regardless of where the economy is. We
have just done a story. There are
concerns about that. But you know to
that my point is I mean the entire world
has you know sort of uh bifurcated from
how economies do um US is not reacting
to its housing crisis. Uh a lot of
markets have not moved in tandem with
their economies for decades. So why not
China and in fact it needs to be
rewarded. I mean you know there were
concerns that it's uninvestable during
co times. It came out of that uh took uh
took the role of value in the portfolio
then took the role of income in the
portfolio then took the role of tech
innovation in portfolio and now it's
back to doing what it used to do in pre
pre-covid times which is uh the role of
a diversifier and uh providing growth.
So you know this essentially you know um
means that valuation should uh you know
should grow here and if you compare it
with 2021 peak there is still 35 36% odd
valuation expansion that can happen um
and earnings have just started to grow
and you know look by design look at
China that the market has changed you
know Camry corn is about to overtake MA
as the single biggest stock so it's not
happening in void you know index
composition is changing new members are
coming in a new China is is getting
formed and is getting reflected really
well in the stock markets. So um more
upside ahead I think in in in the in the
medium to long term.
>> Yeah. I mean POPMart's not part of the
Hingen index effective September 8th.
Right. To the point that you just made
there. What about the rest of the
region? Taiwan's doing well. This does
seem to be a very good day for risk
assets.
>> Yeah. I mean like you were saying David,
you know, it is a really good uh setup
for risk assets. We've just had a
doubbish uh you know Fed commentary
coming in from Jackson Hole and that
sort of sets up the pace. Um um you know
Taiwan, Korea, China you know these are
markets which are tech heavy which have
proven their might and chips and other
things. So they're benefiting from that.
They're benefiting from growth as
interest rates get lower. But even down
the curve if you look at smaller markets
of the region you know um ASEAN is also
very well placed. U I think u if you set
up uh you know your screen and
worksheets to look into which which
region which countries have the highest
amount of uh you know headroom to ease
or are would be the first to ease. ASEAN
will come come up on top. Look at
Indonesia for that matter. It surprise
everyone with that rate cut last week.
So even Asean countries are expected to
do well. Um and India is also sort of
coming in from a backdrop of being uh
oversold in the short to medium term um
and valuations being at 5year average.
So very good setup for risk assets. Uh
but there are you know markets like
China which have got a really some
really good triggers changing
composition um and and uh you know
replacing you know the tech theme that
west was dominating for so long. So they
will continue to probably attack the
lion share of uh you know flows and and
and and mind share and portfolios going
ahead.
Abishek Vishno, thank you so much. Our
equity senior reporter there in
Singapore for us as we were just
outlining there, almost everything is up
today with the exception of a few uh
sectors that's coming up on your screens
and I think to the last point that Abby
was just making there we have the uh one
of the central banks that is set to cut
rates is the banko central that's out I
think on two or three days from now
expected to cut rates to 5% on that
specific policy rate. But yeah, we're
doing well. Yeah, let's get to another
topic here. You know, particularly when
I mentioned about the whole AI trade and
the like. I think Korea certainly is
front and center to all that as well.
And we've seen South Korea and Japan.
They've actually agreed to strengthen
ties following a weekend meeting between
their leaders. And Korean President
Lejay Mun is now in Washington for talks
with President Trump later this Monday.
Let's get to our chief Asia
correspondent, David Angel, joining us
now. Um, and let's talk about South
Korea and Japan first. What stood out in
those talks?
>> Well, yes, sure. I would say that maybe
this is the less important of the two
bilaterals that are going to be
happening later today is of course uh
not to disrespect the Japanese and the
South Koreans, but they it was a
two-hour meeting uh for President Ye on
his way to Washington stopping off in
Tokyo building relationship with
Ishibasan essentially. Keep in mind when
the the trilateral strengthening
happened uh during the Biden
administration, we had different leaders
in Japan, different leader in South
Korea. Uh Yun Sukul is gone now. Fumio
Kishida is gone uh and Joe Biden is
gone. So you have three new leaders to
kind of get to know each other at a time
of uncertain geopolitical alliances and
obviously uh the global trade war with
uh South Korea being one of the first to
strike a trade deal with Washington uh
to the tune of lowering those tariffs on
South Korean goods to Washington to 15%.
I'll get into that relationship first or
uh in a little bit. But right now,
essentially, President Yei and uh Ishiba
meeting is a good opportunity for the
South Korean president going to
Washington because Ishiba has met uh
Trump at least a couple of times, talked
on the phone a number of times. Uh there
is no relationship yet really between
the South Korean president and Donald
Trump. And there's a lot at stake going
to the White House for essentially a
state visit, right? and a lot to discuss
going forward. But right now, it's a
good sign that South Korea and Japan
with new leaders in place are willing to
propel uh the momentum that was gained
by their predecessors,
>> which the upcoming one to your point is
the bigger of the two.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh what to expect there? Well, I think
we want details on what has been pledged
by the South Koreans, uh, $350 billion
plus in investments, including some $150
billion fund to so-called make American
ship making great again. Uh, what does
that entail? I know President Ye will go
to a Philadelphia shipyard. Uh, that
will be a photo op obviously to talk
about that. But what are who are going
to be the leaders uh, business leaders
going with President Ye? He's already in
Washington DC. we probably should be
able to figure out whether it's going to
be JY Lee and others from the uh
corporate Korea who are going with him
to kind of talk about the kinds of
investments uh that are going to go into
the United States. But again, it's all
going to come down to that meeting in
the White House and the personal
relationship between President Ye and uh
Donald Trump as you see on the screen
right here.
>> Steve, thank you. Stephen Angel, our
chief North Asia correspondent there.
Right. Just ahead, we're sticking to the
earnings team here. Of course, we're
continuing to see u these massive gains
coming through across the likes of
Australia. In this specific case,
though,
what's happening with the company,
right? You have a net loss. I think you
have a drop in revenues. We'll unpack
the story, uh the key takeaways on the
figures and what the outlook means for
the company. Was this a one-off? Dale
Henderson uh joins us in a couple of
minutes. We're up 4% on the stock in
Sydney.
[Music]
All
right, it is looking to be a pretty busy
week when it comes to earnings in China
particular. We're honing in a little bit
on that. So the likes of BYD, Alibaba
and Muan in terms of some of these big
tech names, uh some of the, you know,
sporting sort of goods there like Ant
certainly is one to watch and of course
the biotech space as well. Alfos and
farm and the like are set to report. No
fu spring. I mean I mean there's
>> there's a lot
>> but yeah you talk about
>> credentials also reporting. There we go.
>> We got them on um but we'll talk a
little bit more about as well because
it's not just China. You you zoom out a
little bit and look at Asia right we're
talking about out of the 1200 companies
I think a third of them are reporting
this week. So certainly it's a big one.
Yeah.
>> And that might actually go into what we
need this week. If we get really good
decent numbers out of those we might
actually see a record. Right. we talked
about is we're 3% from the all-time high
on MSE Asia Pacific and it's I think a
third of that index roughly speaking is
set to report uh this week. So it's not
just in China. China of course is
included in that. But of course the big
big big one coming through this week is
really
>> uh with Nvidia like the world's biggest
company by market cap right four or five
trillion of the 140 trillion market cap
global market caps at 3% now doesn't
sound like a lot but it's it
>> it doesn't but then again you have to
wonder right I mean it's over overall
weight is 8% of the S&P right which is
massive already but it it's really kind
of what to do with either customers as
well you mean the likes of Meta
>> supply chain
>> I mean the supply chain is massive as
well so huge implications on what
happens if they do well or not right
because uh is it going to be an earnings
positive catalyst a lot has to do with
of course the AI story and whether we
are starting to see you know this
continued investment is it really kind
of uh yielding some results here right
now or have we reached a peak there's
also this question of can they actually
sell their chips to China right of
course President Trump gave them the
green light for the likes of Nvidia AMD
AMD to do so having that they actually
give some of the proceeds to the US
government but China has actually
encouraged
local companies not to buy them, right?
And there was a report from the
information saying that the, you know,
Nvidia has actually told some of the
suppliers to stop production. So
certainly that's one key question here.
Analysts don't care though. I'm taking a
look at some of the price targets,
right? So I think out of the 79, nine of
which have boosted their price target of
late. I think the average is around 197
now that price target uh for for 12
months I believe that's still about 9%
upside.
>> 80 analysts cooperating the stock. 80.
Oh my god.
>> It's like that's more than an index and
the number of constituents that hang
index has. I mean not that those are
apples to apples, right? But you know
it's like you got to think about 80 and
their families too like you know that's
going to be sleepless there as far as
that part of the cell side is concerned,
right? So but I think the point you were
also making right? So clearly Invid is
the biggest stock
>> in the US market. You think about how
important AI is really to the global
economy, right? So biggest stock in the
Dutch exchange of course is ASML. The
biggest stock in Taiwan is TSM. The
biggest stock in South Korea is a is a
tech play. Uh the Chinese I think is 10
cent of course which is obviously a very
big tech play as well.
>> But yeah, so let's see what Nvidia
reports and let's see how we can over
obsess even further if that's even
possible over over the world's biggest
company. Right. Um let's pivot now and
still talk about earnings as well. So
we're in the thick of things. In
Australia, you had the biggest pure play
lithium producer. PLS has posted its
first loss in four years amid slumping
lithium prices. There's obviously a
separate conversation taking place in
China with anti-involution. We'll get
all into all of that. The number on the
right side of your screens are the key
financial takeaways of the company. The
stock though is doing well today. We're
up four uh percent. Uh let's bring in of
course our guest Dale Henderson of
course who is the managing director and
the CEO of the firm joining us from
Perth. Dale, good morning. Thanks for
joining us.
>> Good morning. What happened? Thank you.
>> Thank you very much. Thanks for having
us on.
>> What happened?
>> What happened? Well, FY25 results,
fantastic set of results and what's been
a very challenging part of the market
cycle. Um, over the last 18 months,
we've sort of seen price declines and
we've been deep into the cost curve over
this past year. But despite that, well,
the year we've had has been the most
transformational year. Record-breaking
production. Uh we built out the base uh
lower cost base uh operating platform,
the P680 P1000 project. Uh we also
became a a chemicals producer uh care of
our joint venture with POSCO in South
Korea. So we're now producing uh battery
grade hydroxide in South Korea. And
separate to all of that, well, we went
international with our first offshore
acquisition, care of the Kina project in
Brazil, care of the Latin resources
transaction. So all of that happened
this past year. So incredibly
transformational year. And I should just
say, well, we also ended the year with a
very strong balance sheet, more than a
billion cash. So we're in incredibly
well good position for this part of the
cycle.
Yeah, Dale, given that, you know, as you
say, right, you definitely have come
through with some bright spots as well,
despite this protracted slump in lithium
prices, and I don't envy lithium
producers like you, uh, these days,
right? What is the strategy going to be
moving forward if prices stay low?
>> Sure. Well, we're kind of set up for
that scenario. Um, Ivonne care of
basically we've got this stronger
operating base, a lower cost operating
platform, care of the work we've been
doing over the past year. So, we're
already a lowcost operator. Now, we're
even even more competitive. So, that's
the first thing. The second is that
strong balance sheet. I mentioned more
than a billion dollars of cash, 1.6
billion in uh liquidity. We've got a
very very strong foundation. uh if
pricing is to be lower for longer, but
it's hard to see that happening long
term given that we've been deep into the
cost curve for the last sort of uh at
least the last year. So that can't that
just can't be sustained because well the
world needs a lot more lithium. The you
know the industry is compounding at
something like a 30% growth rate here of
EVs and mass energy storage. Well more
supply has to come. Now that new supply
is not being invested in. So we foresee
tightness ahead and of course that sets
up uh what we think is a perfect storm
for pls
>> and D help us understand what obviously
there are things within the company's
control there are things that are not uh
is a turnaround possible over the next
12 months.
>> Uh anything's possible um in the lithium
market now the recent price appreciation
we saw over the last four weeks nobody
was anticipating that. So, we've seen a
strong upward tick and even with that
upward tick, um, look, we're still well
below the consensus uh, average of the
expected long run price. So, if you
believe we're only going to get to long
run price, well, there's more to go just
to get to that. But, of course, as we've
seen historically, lithium's had a
tendency to rally hard and go to some
extremes, that may well happen again,
but um, only time will tell.
Is it possible we see prices go back to
where it was in the last peak or do you
think there there's just too much
capacity out there, Dale?
>> Well, when you when you look back at the
uh the characteristics of of the last
peak, it was a case of a shortfall of
supply. It was a case of an inefficient
market where price discovery was and and
some of the mechanisms for price
discovery weren't there and we saw
strong momentum buying. Well, fast
forward to today. Well, a lot of those
um characteristics could well repeat
because a lot of the same things are
still here. We still have an inefficient
pricing landscape. We have what we think
is going to be a shortage of supply in
the future. So, it could well all happen
again. Um only time will tell.
>> And Dale, just to pick your brain on,
you know, what the Chinese are doing as
far as, you know, you mentioned there's
too much supply in this market, but you
do seem some shortness ahead. what do
you think of their exercise there in
terms of licenses and what the supply
outlook is in mainland China for for
lithium for example Dale?
>> Sure. So you know taking the
announcements on face value China's uh
indicated they want to uh look at some
of the approvals a number of the supply
sources and and it's anticipated there
will be some supply curtailments as a
function of of those approvals. So, and
of course the market is anticipating
shortness because of that and we're
seeing the price appreciation from from
this point. So, um yeah, when we take it
on face value, um that all seems to to
stand to reason and and the good news
which has flowed from that is it's it's
jolted the pricing out of what was a
very very low price point and brought it
some way up closer to what the long run
average needs to be. But, as I say,
there's more to go.
Uh you mentioned about some of the the
projects you talking about that in
downstream right the one in South Korea
you also have a midstream project in
Western Australia Dale can you tell us a
bit more about other plans you know if
the opportunity arose in Australia would
you look further downstream
>> yeah the way we've thought about uh
downstream is we we think this is a a
very necessary link of the supply chain
and we think that within the downstream
link of the supply chain there'll be a
spectrum of uh sort of lowcost highly
profitable operations to the other end
of the spectrum and everything in
between. So for our company we've always
taken a view that gee if we can be uh
involved at the right end of that that
supply chain i.e. the the well
positioned profitable end well that's a
smart place for us to be for a multitude
of reasons to diversify our supply chain
create a more resilient supply chain and
of course to capture some more value for
our shareholders for our products. So
with that end in mind, we we went and
diversified care of our joint venture
with POSCO and we'll look to do more of
that provided it proves up and provided
it goes well. Now how does it how does
all this mean and how does it relate to
Australia? Well, at the end of the day,
the lithium market is a global market
and a globally competitive market. So
we'll continue to run the ruler on
Australia, but it needs to stack up and
needs to be globally competitive. And
historically when we've looked at it,
it's been hard to hard to do that and
and hence why we've attracted to other
locations likes of South Korea, but
we'll continue to consider Australia.
>> And Dale, final question for you. And
speaking of the need to perhaps look at
new areas, I mean, you guys in Hard Rock
Lithium, are you ever going to consider
going into brine for example?
>> Well, of course, our core focus is is
hard rock uh processing upstream and and
into downstream. that's that's what our
business has been built on. We do have
an open mind to diversifying um
potentially, but if we would ever
consider that, well, we'd probably do it
in a very small way, in a d-risked way
as as we've done with our other
diversification strategies likes of our
downstream partnership with Bosco where
we've got a minority interest. We would
we'd probably look at something similar
if we were to take a step in that
direction, but it's certainly not a
focus right now. The focus is about
capitalizing on on the investment cycle.
we've just completed. We want to sweat
the asset, prove those returns to our
shareholders, and sit there ready to uh
enjoy what we think will be ultimately
price appreciation in the future.
>> Dale, it's great to have you. Thanks for
the time. Dale Henderson there, managing
director and CEO at PLS. If you are a
subscriber and want to rewatch that
interview, you can also interact with us
through our interactive TV function, TV
go. You can also be part of the
conversation. Send us instant messages
throughout the shows. Check it out at
TVgo.
>> Okay. Uh before we turn the page on the
day, I mean we're all going to see you
all tomorrow of course. Uh a look at the
markets and hopefully this continues. A
lot of money is coming back into this
market. There's number one on the Fed.
There's a weaker dollar. There's
obviously policy pronouncements in
China. Um internet platforms,
sports related
uh priorities there. Hangen index is now
pushing towards 26,000.
Hangen Tech 3% to the upside. Shanghai
comp could actually see 3,900 uh this
week given this and of course the CSI
300 we talked about this is within uh
it's about a good day away from from
taking out the highs that we hit back in
2022. As far as turnover goes we've
taken out the one trillion milestone
about 40 minutes into the session. So I
mean this is quite a hefty day.
>> I think we've hit two trillion almost
every day the last week, right? I think
eight sessions or so. May we might be on
track for that once again here as well.
But yes, a lot of questions whether this
bull market can continue or is it just
some sort of dead cap pounce given the
fact that you have this disconnect with
the economy and economic fundamentals
and the like. Hey, you know what? The
bulls are in control right now, right?
And and you got to have to thank Jay
Paula for that, I think, at least for
today for most of the gains that we're
seeing. I would say
>> yeah, he gave the market enough of what
they needed without committing
completely, but certainly uh opened the
door if not more there for a rate cut.
And if green is the color that you like,
if it's your preferred hue, um GMM is
the function for you. Um no rhyme
intended nor pun. Um 1.7% CSI 300.
You're looking at of course also a rally
across commodities with iron ore topping
2%. The dollar is nowhere to be seen
because the dollar is weaker today. We
will see you all tomorrow. This is the
China show.
[Music]